Hey.
Look at them all, Leo.
Without knowing why, things
just seem better to them.
Even though they
don't yet realize
that everything
is different.
Of course there will
be a transitional period.
But soon, they will
begin to understand
that they no longer
have to worry about evil,
security, conflict.
That this world is
here to stay.
ALPHA:
Is it not what we spoke of, Leo?
LEO:
It's impressive.
And you know, the only
threat to Utopia,
to all that we've
created here is conflict.
And that, Leo, we
simply cannot abide.
I don't know, it's just the way
the sisters reacted,
especially Paige.
She grieves.
I know, but...
not the way
she's supposed to.
It's just...
it doesn't seem right.
Well, things are different,
Leo, to be sure.
But look around you now.
Is not everyone better off?
Are not the sisters
better off?
I don't know.
Then you must go
to them, Leo.
They're the people who
mean the most to you.
See for yourself.
Understand.
It's all good, Leo.
It's all genuine.
But once you're
satisfied,
it is important that
you return to us.
Important, why?
After the death of
one of our own,
the collective has been
drained of power.
You feel it, too,
do you not?
Yes.
And so the sooner
you're reassured,
satisfied...
the sooner you can join us,
and help us maintain
all of this.
We have much work
to do, Leo.
What kind of work?
You'll see.
When you're ready,
you'll sense where to find us.
MAN:
Please calm
down, sir.
Harold, get back
in the car.
I'm telling you, the light
was yellow,
just like last time!
What, do you guys
have it out for me?!Harold, please!
No!
This is ridiculous!
It's police harassment!
I want your name
and badge number!
♪ I am the son ♪
♪ And the heir ♪
♪ I am human,
and I need to be loved ♪
♪ Just like
everybody else does ♪
♪ See, I've already
waited too long ♪
♪ And all my hope is gone. ♪
♪ This is your life ♪
♪ And today is all
you got now ♪
♪ And ♪
♪ And today is all
you'll ever have ♪
♪ Don't close your eyes ♪
♪ Don't close
your eyes ♪
♪ This is your life ♪
♪ Are you who
you want to be? ♪
♪ This is your life ♪
♪ Are you who
you want to be? ♪
♪ This is your life ♪
♪ Is it everything you dreamed
it would be ♪
♪ When the world was younger ♪
♪ And you had everything
to lose? ♪
It's ready.
So's this.
Uh, butter?
Hey, you're breaking
the flow. Move it.
Sorry.
Where you been?LEO:
With the other Avatars,
making sure everything
went all right.
Why wouldn't it be?
You tell me.
How you guys doing?
Are you kidding?
I feel great.
Better than I have, in God,
I don't even know how long.
Six and a half years,
but who's counting?
Of course we haven't been out
in the real world yet, but...
PIPER:
If it feels anything
like it does in here...
Then we have
no complaints.
None.
Actually we're
gonna celebrate.
We're gonna have
a little party.
A party? Today?
Yeah, why not?
I don't know, maybe you just...
wanted to make sure that
everything worked all right.
PHOEBE:
Leo, it works...
better than we expected.
Besides, we have a lot
of catching up to do,
especially with our friends.
PIPER:
Yeah, I'm a little
nervous.
I'm not sure I know how to
socialize with normal people.
Oh, you'll be fine.
Especially since no demons
will be attacking.
They're still out there.
Yeah, but they won't
be attacking.
They're all on the run.
Come on, just enjoy it.
We have you to thank
for all this.
How's Paige?
Better, I think.
It's gonna take her
some time, though.
Kyle meant
a lot to her.
But it does help her to know
that he's gone on
to a better place.Absolutely.
Is she upstairs?
She's at Kyle's apartment
getting some stuff.
And I think I'm gonna go to work
and check out the real world.
All right, well,
I'm gonna
go check on Paige.
Okay, you two,
but don't be late.
Hey, how you holding up?
Good, considering.
I'm not really sure what to do
with all of his stuff, though.
That's not really your
responsibility, is it?
Well, no,
but he doesn't
have a family.
It's just so...
odd that he's gone.
I really miss him.
Good.
I... I mean, it's normal.
You don't want to go around
just having it all be glossed
over, you know.
No.
But still, I am happy for him.
I mean he is in
a better place.
And the thing is,
he would really want me to enjoy
this new world.
Well, he died trying to stop it.
Well, that's why I owe it to him
to be happy.
Of course.
Hey, I have to go home
and get ready for the party.
You gonna come?
I think so.
Great.
I will see you there, sir.
[rumbling]
[groans]
You've been weakened, Avatar,
by the death
of one of your own.
We both have the same problem,
you and I.
Neither of us trusts
this new world.
We're both gonna have
to do something about it.
ELISE:
Phoebe, what are you
doing here?
I thought it was your day off.
Oh, I just came by to see
how things were going.
How are things going?
They aren't.
And that's good.
Have you seen today's paper?
Thinnest one we've ever had.
There's no crime to speak of,
no corruption, no scandal...
it's like people have been
taking happy pills.
Thank God the obits are up,
otherwise we'd just have
a one sheet.
So maybe things are
just getting better, huh?
Oh, I'm all for that.
But I've been working here
so long, I don't believe it.
Something always happens.
Maybe.
Or maybe it's a shame
when we don't trust when good
things happen.
What a nice thought.
Now you should write about
that in your next column.
Best advice you could
give your readers.
Okay, but I gotta
go home to do it.
Tell Oliver I'll e-mail
it to him
around six'ish, okay?
Oliver...
That's the only bad thing
that happened today.
Well, not bad for him
of course, just for us.
What happened?
Oh, I got a call from
his family about an hour ago.
He's gone. It happened
early this morning.
Oh, my God.
He was such a troubled
young man.
I really hoped he
could turn things around.
Yeah, me, too.
Well, at least we can take heart
that he's in a much
better place now.
Yeah.
I guess so.
Mind telling me
where we are?
An ancient tomb in an
ancient pyramid
where no one, especially not the
Avatars, are gonna look for us.
Why bring me here?
To show you the truth.
To show you why
you never
should have turned
your back on the Elders.
And to decide whether
or not you're willing
to help me stop the Avatars.
Why would I help a demon?
Because it is by far
the better of your options.
You could either work
to change things back,
or you can repeat
the mistakes of the past.
The Avatars were here before,
thousands of years ago,
when people believed
in magic and demons.
The Avatars promised
to rid them of evil.
On that level, same as now, they
were more or less successful.
They remade the world.
But they never told people
of the ultimate cost.
Who's that, the dog-headed
figure, is that a demon?
Oh, actually that's
a jackal's head.
He is Anubis--
the Egyptian guardian
and protector of the dead.
There's a price
to pay for Utopia.
A price that you suspect,
but don't yet know about.
They knew about it, though.
And they rose up
against the Avatars,
and stopped them the first
time for good reason.
Maybe so, but I never...
Agent Brody realized the danger
that the Avatars pose, too.
That's why he was willing
to help me weaken them
so that I could bring you here,
so that you could help.
He was willing to sacrifice
everything to stop them.
Brody was crazy.Brody was right.
You know deep down
that there is something very
wrong with this world, Leo.
Something you never foresaw
in your own myopic zeal
to try and make it all better.
People have no free will
anymore.
At least not completely.
The Avatars now dictate
their destinies.
And you...
let it happen.
The question is,
are you willing to fix it?To do what?
Get back what we had before?
Fight your kind again?
Well, nobody said the system
was perfect, did they?
But it's better than this,
isn't it?
You decide for yourself,
but decide soon.
If we have to work together,
we're gonna have
to move quickly.
Ah, Leo.
Welcome.
How are the sisters?
Content, I trust?
They seemed okay.
What is this place?
This is where
we maintain Utopia.
Come.
These are the others.
You've felt them,
though you haven't yet met.
What are they doing?
Monitoring
for conflict.
[faint shouting]
I don't understand.
In bringing this all about,
we've modified
the way people think,
their belief systems,
so that they can more
easily accept a world
without evil,
so that they wouldn't
keep looking for it.
And so that
the demons who remain
couldn't influence them
into evil acts.
Unfortunately, however, some
have already been damaged
beyond hope.
Their inner demons
sometimes surface,
causing... conflict.
GAMMA:
And when that
conflict passes
a certain threshold,
we must deal with it.
To protect Utopia.
[faint shouting]
[grunting]
[indistinct conversation]
LEO:
Wait!
You killed them.
We removed them.
The one for the many.
We have an obligation
to maintain the world
that we've created, Leo.
We can't let anything
threaten it...
and we won't.
Oh, wow.
Wow!
Ooh!
No, no!
No, no touchie touchie.
I just want to make
sure it's not poisoned.
No. I want everything
to be perfect.
We've waited a long time
for this day.
Piper, everything
isperfect--
it looks amazing.
I can't believe you did
all this since I left.
Well, when I'm not mixing
vanquishing potions
all the time, I tend
to get a lot more done.
I forgot how much
I like coking.
We're all good.
Yeah, as long as Leo
makes it to the party.
I thought he was just going
over to Paige's.
I did, too,
but she came back without him,
and now she's upstairs
getting ready.
Well, maybe he had
some Avatar stuff to do?
Hm. I hope the Avatars
don't keep him as busy
as the Elders did.
I don't think he'd put up with
that, Piper, and you know it.
He created this
better world so that
you guys could be
together again-- as a family.
Still, I worry.
And next to cooking, that's
the second thing you do best.
Hey.
Hey. How you doing?
Better. Thanks.
Yeah, I am really
looking forward to this party.
You know,
take my mind off stuff?
I just need to remind myself
Kyle's in a better place, right?
Yeah. That's what I have
to remind myself.
This guy at work, he...
just went away.
It was really unexpected.
PIPER:
Well, I'm sure
it must all be
for the best, you know--
otherwise it
wouldn't have happened.
Right.
Well, anyway, why don't you
go help the kids get dressed?
Their clothes
are laid out.
And you can help
me in the kitchen.
Come on, chop-chop,
we have a party to throw.
I'm concentrating.
Yes, I'm sorry.
This is important.
So is this.
Somewhere in these
drawings is the key
to the potion Brody used
against the Avatars.
Well, I'm glad to see that
you're using your energy wisely.
But... some of the others
are restless.
They don't want to sit around
and die like dogs
while we wait around
for the help of someone good.
Are you questioning
my plan?
No. Not at all.
Zankou, we're demons!
We need to stand up
and fight them
on our own.
Not just sit around and wait.
That's just the point.
We can't fight on our own;
we don't have the power.
Like it or not,
our fate rests with Leo.
Oh, yeah?
Then we'd rather die
than leave our trust
in the hands of an Elder.
Then we will surely die.
You tell the others
that they do as I
say when I say it,
or the Avatars will be the
least of their problems,
do you understand me?
Yes.
Now, leave. He's coming.
Welcome back, partner.
We're not partners.
Oh, no? Then what
are you doing here?
I'm still not so sure.
Ah, yes, you are--
you may not want to be sure,
but that doesn't change the fact
that everything I told you about
your precious Avatars is true.
And now you want to stop them
just as much as I do.
I'm not so eager to bring
demons back into the world.
Ah, but there's the rub.
Which world is worse?
Which is the greater evil,
mine or theirs?
I know taking destiny
out of people's hands
is not right, no matter what.
I couldn't agree more.
Let's make something clear.
If we succeed,
we'll still be enemies,
and I can make you a
promise it will only
be a matter of time
before good defeats evil.
Well, we'll have to see
about that, won't we?
Now, if we're finished
with the macho posturing,
let's get to work.
The problem is, even
if I decipher these,
we're still gonna
need the Charmed Ones
to actually prepare
the potion.
They won't go
against the Avatars.
They wanted this world.
Not if they discover
the catch,
not if they realize that
the Avatars alone decide
who lives or dies.
Now, of course,
you know
the sisters better
than I do, but...
I doubt even they want that.
Which means
you're gonna have
to get them to see
what the Avatars don't
want them to see...
even if it will take
you shocking them with
another terrible loss.
Okay, you wait there.
We are gonna have
so much fun today!
You're gonna meet so many
new friends at the party.
But you can't orb, okay?
You have to promise me.
We don't want to scare
the guests away, got it?
Like that.
Phoebe, we need to talk.
Yeah, you need to get ready
for the party
before your wife kills you.
Figuratively speaking,
of course.
See, that right there,
that's what I'm talking about.
What are you saying?I'm talking about the fact
that what you said,
you felt like
you had to qualify it.
Qualify what?I'm talking about the Avatars
and what they've
done to you,
what they've done to everybody.
They've made everything better;  you'vemade everything better.
No. That was a mistake, okay?
And I realize that
now, and I need you
to realize that, too,
before what happens to Brody
happens to somebody else
we care about.
Leo, you're scaring me.Good.
You need to be scared,
because it's the only way
you're gonna understand
the truth,
the only way you're gonna
be able to feel it.
And you can help Piper and Paige
understand, too.
You can use your powers
to feel the loss,
to see that what
the Avatars are doing is wrong.
Leo, this is what we allwanted.
What's going on?
[exhales]
You'll see.
What... What
are you doing?
Leo, you can't just...
Well, what are
we doing here?
I need you to get a vision--
I need you to see
what really happened
to Agent Brody.
I know what really
happened to him--
he's moved on to
a better place.
Maybe so.
But it doesn't change the fact
that somebody killed him.
Well...
[sighs]
Oh, my God.
She killed him.
Yes.
The Avatars don't want you
to know that, Phoebe.
They don't want you
to know why people
just suddenly disappear.
Leo, why are
you doing this?Because it's the truth, Phoebe.
They changed you so you couldn't
feel the true pain of death.
They want it to seem
like it's a good thing,
so the next time it happens
you don't even question it.
No.Yes, and it's gonna
happen again, Phoebe.
Soon as they decide
somebody in the world
is creating too much conflict.
Leo, we're not going back
to the way it was.
Okay? We tried it
for seven years,
and it just didn't work.
Phoebe, please...No, Leo,
listen to me, okay?
We made the world
a better place,
and we're gonna live in it
just the way it is now.
Do you understand?
We just need to give him
more time to understand.
We're running out of time.
If he turns them,
everything could be lost.
I think it's time
we faced the facts.
[indistinct chatter]
[children laughing]
Would you just stop fussing
and enjoy yourself already?
I can't; I'm worried.About what?
Look, everybody seems to
be having a great time.
I didn't even know we
knew this many people.
No, I'm not worried about them--
I'm worried about Leo.
He should have
been here by now.
And where the heck is Phoebe?
She got the boys ready,
and then she just took off.
Well, maybe
they're together.
Or maybe you just
don't know how to have
a good time anymore.
Is that a challenge?
If it works.
There. You happy?
I need a drink!
Hey, what's the matter?
I don't want
to talk about it.
I just want
to have a good time.
What's going on?
Nothing.
Hey!
All right, then,
I'll go mingle.
Leo, come on.
What's wrong?
It's complicated.
It's the Avatars, isn't it?
Look, if working for them
is gonna be as complicated
as working for the
Elders, then I...
It's not that.
Then what is it?
Okay, you know what?
I don't want to know.
We're here
to celebrate
our new life with
no magic and no demons,
so why don't
we just en...
joy it?
Leo?
did you hear
what I said?
Are you listening to me?
What is the matter with you?
Forgive me, Piper.
If there was another way
to do this, I would.
Do what? What are
you talking about?
I have to fix a mistake.
I love you.
Leo!
Everyone get down!
Oh, no.
[parytygoers screaming]
Paige! The children!
[yells]
Die, Elder, die!
[shouts]
Don't let them make you forget
why I'm doing this, Phoebe.
It's supposed to hurt.
Go to the Book.
Remember all the losses.
Then go to Zankou.
Wait. Zankou?
[conversation resumes]
Like you said...
I know.
PAIGE:
Piper...
Are you all right?
Uh... I don't know.
I guess so.
I'm really
sorry about Leo.
Yeah, me, too.
But at least he's gone
on to a better place.
PAIGE:
I'm so sorry things
got out of hand, guys.
Don't you think that
was all a little weird?
Yeah, it waskinda touch-
and-go there for a second
with the demon attack,
but it all worked out okay.
Still, it seemed a little...
I don't know... off.
[Wyatt and Chris crying]
Well, I certainly wasn't
expecting any more attacks,
but, thank God, Leo was
there to take care of it.
Yes, but it would have been nice
if Leo didn't have to go
to a better place
in the process, you know.
I know, but...
[boys continue crying]
What he did, he
did for his family,
and for that I will
always love him.
Paige! Can you make sure
the boys are okay?
It's really impressive
that you can stay
so calm after such a shock.Well, I'd be
freaking out if I thought
there were more
demons out there.
I'd like to think those
days are finally behind us.
Ugh! I can't make them stop.
They're so upset.
Well, that's understandable.
We're all upset about
demons being in the house.
Do you really think
that's why they're crying?
Well, what else
would it be?
Okay, Mommy's coming!
You okay?
I don't know.
It's like Kyle, you know--
it's really a big deal.
But we're never
gonna forget him.
LEO:  Don't let them make you forget why I'm doing this, Phoebe.
It's supposed to hurt.
Never forget...
I have to check the
Book of Shadows
for something.
Come on, Phoebe.
LEO:
Remember all the losses.
No!
[sobbing]
No.
No!
[panting]
Oh, my God.
[boys crying]
It's okay.
Oh, my gosh, I can't
get 'em to calm down.
Even Piper couldn't.
I can. Where is Piper?
She's in the kitchen.
[boys crying]
Piper, I really need
to talk to you.
The Avatars didn't tell us
everything up front.
What?
Pain, grief... mourning.
These are all things that
we're supposed to be feeling
when we lose someone
we love... like Leo.
Leo? Phoebe, he's
moved on to a better place,
and if you don't mind,
I'd rather not dwell
on such a painful memory.
Okay, but if
he's in a better place,
then why are the boys
crying right now?
It's not because
of demons.
They were practically
raised around them.
Yes. Well, but...
Piper, listen to me.
Leo is dead.
The Avatars killed him,
and the boys
are just too young to
feel it the way that we do,
the way we were
programmed to feel it.
Programmed?
Phoebe, what's gotten into you?
This is what Leo
was trying to show us.
Leo allowed
the Avatars to kill him
so that we could understand
what's going on here.
I don't want to hear this.
I know you don't
want to hear this,
but listen to your boys.
[boys crying]That's pain
and it's real.
Phoebe, stop.
Piper, how can
you not see it?
The only reason you're
okay with all this
was because you wanted
to be with Leo,
and now they've
taken him away?
[boys crying]
W... Why?! Why would
they do that?!
Because Leo caused conflict.
And this is
the only way
they could keep Utopia going.
You guys better have
a good reason
for bringing me here,
because I don't want to be here.
And that's exactly
why we arehere.
Paige, Kyle died,
and now it's time
that you feel it.
I felt it.
And it would have felt
a lot worse,
if I didn't know he'd
gone on to a better place.
Well, that's
the thing.
It should have
felt a lot worse.
The Avatars made our pain go
away after they killed Kyle.
I had a vision of him dying,
when I touched this.
He attacked one of the Avatars
with his potion,
and she killed him.
Do you remember
that, Paige?
Why are you doing this to me?
He died right here...
in your arms.
I saw it.
I felt it and now you
have to feel it, too.
Paige, it's the only
way we can stop them.
I don't want to.
You have to.
Just like I did.
But I don't want to.
Shh. It's okay.
Why did they do this?
To give us what we wanted.
What we thoughtwe wanted.
What do we do now?
We're gonna do
what Leo said...
and go find ourselves a demon.
Sorry to interrupt,
but, um...
What is it?
Well, the others
sent me to, um...
find out what
we're gonna do.
Do?
Well, I just mean...
Well, the Elder is dead.
The plan
has failed.
Shouldn't we... retreat?
Not yet.
But you said
it yourself--
if the Elder couldn't turn
the sisters,
then there is no...
I know what I said.
I also know that
Leo wasn't stupid.
He wouldn't have
given his life
unless he knew something
would come of it.
Unless it was merely the act
of a desperate man.
I'm just saying,
the Avatars could
move on us at any time.
If we aregonna run,
we should go soon.
Perhaps you're right.
We should retreat.
I'll let the others know.
[shouts]
What's the matter, Zankou?
Chicken?
Good thing you girls
got here when you did.
I was about to leave.
To go where?
To live to fight another day.
You won't get that chance
if you don't
tell us what we want to hear.
Save it, you need me.
That's why Leo sent you.
Glad to see he didn't die
in vain after all.
Get to the point.The point is,
that Leo was working with me,
same as Agent Brody
before him...
to undo what
has been done.
Kyle was working with you?
How do you think he was able
to get close enough
to kill an Avatar?
He realized then the combined
force of good and evil
is our only chance
of stopping the Avatars.
You have a greater reason for
wanting to do that than we do--
survival.
True.
But then again, you obviously
want it, too, otherwise
we wouldn't even be having this
conversation, now would we?
Now you go ahead,
talk amongst yourselves.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'm not so sure
about this.
Neither am I, but I don't
think we have a choice.
We're running out of allies.
We can't work
with a demon.
Leo did.
Yeah, look where
it got him.
But that was the Avatars,
not Zankou.
So how do we know
he's not picking us
off one by one?
What if this
is a setup?
Well, he helped Kyle
get rid of an Avatar.
They're who he's really after
and so are we.
Okay, fine.
So what if
this works?
Where does
that leave us,
we're fighting
demons again?
Is that what
we really want?
Is this?
Just because
we wanted it so badly,
doesn't make it right.
Kyle knew
it was wrong.
He knew the Avatars
couldn't be trusted.
I just didn't believe him.
Neither did we.
Still we can
believe in him now.
Leo, too.
We can finish
what they started...
so they didn't die in vain.
So what's the plan?
The plan...
is for you to make
a very special potion.
What's the matter?
I can't find the sisters.
None of them?
I don't understand.
I just had them.
It's all right,
they'll have to surface
sooner or later.
PIPER:
You got that right.
Ah...
I wouldn't do that
if I were you.
What are those?
I think you know
what they are.
And I think you
know what he is.
What is the meaning of this?
I don't think we have
anything to explain,
we're not the ones going
around killing people.
We only did
what was necessary
to maintain Utopia.
A little loophole you forgot
to tell us about?
It was never our intention
to deceive, Paige.
We merely gave you
the world you asked for.
Again, except for the fact
that you were killing people.
ALPHA:
Their fates
are regrettable.
But I guarantee you
that fewer people by far
will be lost under our rule
than under the chaos
of good and evil.
Yeah, but at least
with good and evil,
people knew what
they were dying for.
And given the choice
of what we had
and what
you're offering...
Now we know
what "it" is...
We'll take our free will
back any day.
Here, here.
You'd seriously be willing
to give up peace of mind,
the normal life you so covet...
to go back to
the way things were?
To fighting
the likes of him again?
Warts and all.
They're not ready for us.
Perhaps not.
But they will be someday.
What we want
for the world
is worth waiting for.
Very well,
we will use what
remains of our power
to rewind time to
when Utopia began.
Does that mean Leo
will be alive again?
Of course.
And Kyle?
That, unfortunately,
is beyond our powers.
Are you kidding me?
You can bring
everyone that you have killed
back to life,
but Kyle is beyond your powers?!
The further something
recedes into the past,
the more power
it takes to reverse it.
ALPHA:
We can either
bring back Agent Brody,
or return the world
to the way it was.
But I'm afraid
we cannot do both.
Put the world back.
ALPHA:
I'm sorry this
didn't work out...
for your sakes,
as well as ours.
ZANKOU:
Touching.
I'm gonna miss you guys.
What the hell?
Did you just dump
your coffee on me?
What are you
talking about?
You spilled yours on me,
you son of a bitch!
Are you a moron?
You dumped your coffee on me!
[clamoring voices]
This is totally your fault.
My fault?
You hit me!
Yeah?
Well, all I'm saying
is you better have
some good insurance!
No, you better have
insurance because I'm gonna
call the cops on your ass!
MAN:
Oh, please,
give me your ID.
What?
Give me your ID.
Where's your
insurance?Where's your insurance?
Where's yours, man?
Mine's right here.
I'm gonna call my lawyer, okay?
I'm gonna sue this whole city!
Wow, I've never
been so excited
to hear the sounds
of people arguing.
Tell me about it.
[horns, traffic]
It's good to be back.
Warts and all.
[clamoring voices]
Leo?
LEO:
I'm in here.
Oh, thank God.
It's okay.
I'm all right.
Wow, you kind of really
scared me this time.
That was the plan.
I was banking on
you saving me.
Okay, well, next time...
come up with a different plan.
Next time.
So wait, you remember everything
even though you
technically died,
but then you didn't
because time rewound so...
am I making any sense?
Yeah.
See, I remember everything
because I was unaffected
by the spell,
and you remember everything
because you broke it
and even though time rewound,
we still experienced it.
Headache forming.
All that matters
is that we faced it...
regardless of
the consequences.
Consequences,
you mean Kyle?
No, I mean the Elders.
I went against them
and sided with the Avatars.
I can't go unpunished.
Yeah, but everything you did,
you did to make the world
a safer place
for everyone, including us.
I don't think they're gonna
see it that way.
See, no matter
what I did...
What we did.
Whether it was well-intentioned
or not...
it's gonna cost me.
Well, at least it didn't
cost you your life,
which at this moment is the only
thing I'm concerned with.
I don't want to lose you
ever again.
Bye.
KYLE:
Hello, Paige.
Kyle?
Careful...
that used to mean a lot to me.
Is this really you?
In the flesh... more or less.
I saw you die.
That's right, you did.
But as you know,
sometimes it doesn't end there.
Are you a whitelighter?
Feels kind of weird.
But, uh...
at least I can still feel.
How?
I guess the Elders decided
that I must have done something
good with my life after all.
Which is a relief, considering
the mess I made of it.
You didn't make
such a mess.
Come on...
I got a little crazy there
at the end, didn't I?
A little crazy.
But you did save the world.
Hence the reward.
I just wish I could...
Paige, it's not
your fault.
I understand now that my life
was supposed to end
the way that it did,
how it did.
It was my destiny.
Just like it was
our destiny to meet,
to fall for each other...
To lose each other?
Who says we're not
gonna meet again?
Take care of that for me,
will you?